Describe technical roadmap topics (#1153)
open-formulieren/open-forms: docs/developers/roadmap.rst

.. _developers_roadmap:

Roadmap
=======

> Open Forms has known quite a challenging development history - many features have been
> implemented in a short time, and as any software project, this means some corners have
> been cut or situations came to be that weren't easy to predict.
> 
> This section of the documentation describes the roadmap to deal with this kind of
> technical debt, but also possible new features. It serves as a context of what the
> future plans are for the Open Forms codebase, which may influence decisions for
> features/bugfixes that are currently being worked on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Open Forms roadmap describes broader topics that will be picked up in the
nearby future. 

As with most software projects, the codebase of Open Forms grows dynamically, driven
by user stories, user feedback and developer experience. Inevitably, some technical
debt is created and needs to be addressed. This is included in our roadmap to keep
Open Forms a healthy and developer-friendly project.

The roadmap also offers some context to smaller issues that might linger a bit, waiting
to be picked up in a broader topic.
```
